docs(ins): rework naming (#5425)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/january2024/2024-01-04-instances-added-cost-optimized-instances-based-on-arm-a.mdx

---

> title: Development Instances based on ARM available in PAR2

Author: ```suggestion
title: Cost-Optimized Instances based on ARM available in PAR2
```

product: instances
---

> We are excited to introduce our latest Development Instances based on ARM in the Paris region (PAR2), blending cost-effectiveness with Ampere Altra's AI-optimized performance.

Author: ```suggestion
We are excited to introduce our latest Cost-Optimized Instances based on ARM in the Paris region (PAR2), blending cost-effectiveness with Ampere Altra's AI-optimized performance.
```
